Docs: API Doc hackathon project (#209)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/style-guide/voice-tone-guidelines/index.md

A casual tone is accepted in UI copy and supporting material compared to traditional business writing.

As long as they allow for shorter sentences, you can use the words _and_, _but_, and _so_ in moderation. 

> Use ontractions like _isn't_ for _is not_ to help to convey an informal tone. But [be careful](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/contractions/).

Reviewer: Seems like this line duplicate https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/pull/209/files#diff-d0f37c5e0037e4a48703cdc766fdfd3c91ef47f1c67e693c09900864dddfd829R61. I recommend moving the link to line 61 and removing the rest from here.

Author: I don't think a little duplication is bad in this case. The use of contractions is both a style issue and a tonal issue. People learn better sometimes with a little repetition.

Author: Perhaps "Remember that it's okay to use contractions like _isn't_ for _is not_ to help to convey a conversational tone..."?

> Use ontractions like _isn't_ for _is not_ to help to convey an informal tone. But [be careful](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/contractions/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use contractions like _isn't_ for _is not_ to help to convey an informal tone. But [be careful](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/contractions/).
```

> Use contractions like _isn't_ for _is not_ to help to convey an informal tone. But [be careful](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/contractions/).

Reviewer 3: I would remove line 34 completely.  I was trained to avoid contractions in technical documentation for localization purposes.  Both IBM and Microsoft manuals of style recommend avoiding contractions because they can be confusing for non-native English speakers.

Author: About three or four of us chimed in on this topic in Slack recently, and the consensus was that our style was conversational and so contractions were preferred. Google style recommends contractions to give docs an informal tone, and we incorporate Google so that was the direction I took.

Author: Microsoft also recommends contractions, so their advice might have changed at some point. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/word-choice/use-contractions

Reviewer 3: Huh, I've been told for 20 years to avoid contractions.  If we're going for conversational then I guess we're using them.

> Use contractions like _isn't_ for _is not_ to help to convey an informal tone. But [be careful](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/contractions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use contractions such as _isn't_ for _is not_ because they are easier to understand and convey a less formal tone. For detailed information about contractions, see [What Are Contractions in Writing?](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/contractions/) by Matt Ellis.
```
